#12 Jan 2026

##10:41
Today, I am going to start with creating all the necessary environment variables that I will put in my .env file. We need the ChatGPT API key to get started. Of course, after that, we need a database on all the prices for the materials that are used in the manufacturing of various items. I am taking literally everything. We need quantities for everything too. We need to know what goes into all the products that we have at MCF. That way, it can be easy for the model to do quick calculations on manufacturing cost. Oh wait. We would not need to do that. My mother can just type out quantities each time. The thing that we need the model to do is to simply remember each product. That way, my mother does not need to ask each time. She can even build a custom quotation off of the data from another product with minor alterations. That would be a cool feature. For now though, we just need to develop a list of things that will make development smooth.

We need: 
- The API key from Open AI in the .env file.
- Schemas for API calls.
- Prompts for calculating manufacturing costs
- An LLM module

##11:46
Still working on the above objectives, with adding the secret key being the only one that I completed. I have two things that I want to do right now though before I continue. First of all, adding new packages is super easy with shell.nix because of nixpkgs. The declarative procedure is different from what I was used to with PyCharm but it is not bad. There is a problem though. When you make changes to shell.nix, you then need to reload nix-shell. Of course, the reload is simple. However, if you have multiple windows in a tmux setup that are using nix-shell, you would have to go through each of the and reload. That is annoying. So, I think I want to write a short script that iterates the shell commands throughout all the windows. That way, when I make an adjustment to shell.nix, all my windows (except maybe cd-journal) can benefit. For now though, I only have one window where that is something I need to do. That is by my text editor. And with my REPL window, I have to nix-shell in anyway whenever I want to run commands. So it really is not a big deal. I probably need a debugging window with micro in one pane and a free terminal for running pdb in the other. I can create a Python scirpt that selects all the python projects and creates a drop menu. Ah, it can simply be fzf using the --preview flag. Then, it opens a pane with the project code on one side and a pane with the debugger on the other side. That is a cool "done-in-a-day" tool that I can build this week. The fzf script would need to do recursive filtering.

I also need a way to reset my cd-journal so that it runs the script while I am in Micro. I do not know if I need to add a new key-binding that then runs in Micro, saves and closes the buffer, adds a new timestamp and then opens it again. That is something I can fix up relatively quickly I think.
